TODO:
1. full scope Notion integration. Get all pages. 
2. persistence with data storage -> use S3 for now.
3. this really should be deployed on the web if we're going for persistence

Feb 14 Notes:
1. Nothing done with notion: i don't think it's the top priority 
    right now and the api doesn't make things easy
2. persistence is setup locally: using a persistenceclient provided from 
    Chroma and writing to a local file. Eventually I'll want to migrate the entire
    Chroma server tot he cloud to make things easy for but for now local is fine since 
    nothing else is cloud-based (RIP)
3. I know....: I should start to look at the individual pieces
    Right now there is:
    1) the python API that needs to be hosted
    2) the react frontend that needs to be hosted
    3) Chroma that needs to be hosted. Although they will eventually support persistent hosting.
        For now running it on Docker or AWS is fine
4. Got the Citaion store setup in it's own vector space:
    1) first required a restructuring of the OpenAI response to use parsable JSON format
        that has an attribute for writing and file content
    2) then I take the list of written citations found and embed each of them with a link to 
        the origional file
    3) then I added a Citations tab in the show component that only searches for citations
    4) I updated the Document card so that if the type is citation then it's clickable and
        opens the source file for the citation
5. I added an easter egg reset function that clears all of the data from the file, text,
    and citations vector stores. Still requires a restart of the server since it needs to
    reinitialize the chroma clients

TODOS:
1. citation entries are only made for Dropbox. need to add it to local file import as well
2. when the chroma collections are deleted I need to delete the files in the chroma-store
    folder as well to declutter


Docker commands:

Build: 
docker build -t shadow .   

Clear the containers: 
docker stop shadow-container
docker rm shadow-container

Create the container:
docker run -d -p 5001:5000 --name shadow-container -v shadow-volume:/app/public shadow


